W-21250370 update pdk plugin gr (#1002)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-upgrade-pdk.adoc

[source,ssh]
----
anypoint-cli-v4 plugins:install anypoint-pdk-plugin
----
+

> NOTE: In PDK 1.7.0, the name of the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin was changed from `anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin` to `anypoint-pdk-plugin`. To install the new plugin, see <<upgrade-anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin-earlier-1.7.0>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In PDK 1.7.0, the name of the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin changes from `anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin` to `anypoint-pdk-plugin`. To install the new plugin, see <<upgrade-anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin-earlier-1.7.0>>.
```

.. Save the `Makefile` file.
. Execute `make setup` to install the updated versions.

[[upgrade-anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin-earlier-1.7.0]]
== Upgrade the Anypoint CLI PDK Plugin for Policies with Versions Earlier Than 1.7.0

> In PDK 1.7.0, the name of the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin was changed from `anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin` to `anypoint-pdk-plugin`. To upgrade your earlier versions, you must unistall the old plugin before installing the new one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PDK 1.7.0, the name of the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin changes from `anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin` to `anypoint-pdk-plugin`. To upgrade your earlier versions, uninstall the old plugin before installing the new one:
```

Reviewer: "uninstall" is mispelled. I also suggest making this active voice and avoid using "must", as the SF standards suggest.
